Why are you here, Mr. Re-election?
Aren't you ordered to guard Hu Province?
If I don't come
How do you know you're here to make a fortune?
Re-elected adults know their mistakes
Small ones shouldn't use troops without authorization
Little view uncle was on the lark before
It's this guy who keeps that kid
I suspect they both have an affair too
Are you sure it's him?
Bullshit.
The emperor of heaven has always been just
How could it be possible to raise a little white face?
You are nameless
Lord Lian Zhi said that I am dead
Your legs are Mr. Zhuanglang
plug your eyes
wrong person
Zhang Zhenfeng, what are you doing?
Lord Integrity's original lobster energy has run out
The little one thinks that as long as the lobster can be restored to its prime
It's the same whoever is in charge
So I used the troops without authorization
Lord Wang Chongyang has become the new owner of lobsters
In a sense
As long as you listen to Lord Long Shuai
We can be in charge of the new master
It seems that Lord Wang is willing to assist Wang
That Wang is very proud
After that, even when you hear the king, you have to help the Wang family
We're finished lobster.
Lord Cheng Wang has no killing intention yet
Let's go to him now
Fear of death
Mr. Li, the traitor who seeks glory
You must save the lobster
Don't worry, I'm here.
Lobsters don't fire